Update verified-builds.md (#614)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/guides/advanced/verified-builds.md

This command compares the onchain program with the executable built from the
source at the specified commit hash.

At the end the command will ask you if you want to upload your verification data

> on chain. If you do that the Solana Explorer will immediately show your programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onchain. If you do that the Solana Explorer will immediately show your program's
```

While verified builds are a powerful tool for ensuring the integrity of your
Solana programs it is not completely trustless in the default setup. The docker

> images are build and hosted by the Solana Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
images are built and hosted by the Solana Foundation.
```
